How to run our V.1 Factory

Start Button:
This starts all the agents and commences production of orders in queue.
If user presses it again, the factory pauses.

Panels:

Kits Panel
This panel use for kit order creation. You will see three separated parts:
 The first one is "Premade Kit Order" which allows selection of a pre-made order, 
     or user can choose "NONE" to create his/her customized order.
 The second one is Kit Creation which allows the creation of the customized kit order if you choose      
     "NONE" for "Premade Kit Order". Kit customization is accomplished by selecting the type of the        
     part you wish to add, entering the number of that part, then pressing the "Add Part(s)" button. 
     The current customized order can be view in the table below. Also user can clear the        
     current order by pressing the "Clear Current Parts" button.
 The third one allows for the custom naming and quantity entry for the orders user have created          
     which can be finalized by  selecting the "Submit Order" button.

 Notice that user can always do this even when the factory is running, since the orders will queue up 
     and they will be processed when the previous orders are completed.
  
Orders Panel
 This panel contains a table which shows the current queue of orders, as well as completed           
 amount/ordered amount and current status of each order entry.
 
States Panel
 This panel contains a table which shows states of every agent in factory.

Trace Panel
 This panel can show the messages and print status of various agents in the factory if you choose the check box of that agent.
 
 
 
 
KNOWN PROBLEMS:
- Random lists threw ConcurrentModificationException, or ArrayIndexOutOfBounds (on ArrayLists), due to non-threadsafe code.
	Synchronized blocks were thrown around all list iterations, list peeking/getting, and list adding/removing that we found.
- Gantry(?) sometimes breaks, i.e., it goes idle when it has things it should be doing.
	Most likely a race condition, but we're not sure why.