These are the instructions for how to run our factory.

Main file can be found in: src.main.KittingCell.java

Start Button:
This starts all the agents and commences production of orders in queue.
If user presses it again, the factory pauses.

Panels:

Kits Panel
This panel use for kit order creation. You will see three separated parts:
	The first one is "Default Kit" which allows the user to select a default order or to create his/her own
		customized order. To create a custom order, please select "NONE" in the drop-down menu.
	 The second one is Kit Creation, which allows the user to create customized kit orders if you chose "NONE" in
	 	the previous section. Kit customization is accomplished by selecting the type of the part you wish to add,
	 	entering the number of that part, then pressing the "Add Part(s)" button. The current customized order can
	 	be view in the table below. Also user can clear the current order by pressing the "Clear Current Parts" button.
	 The third part allows for custom naming of the kits specified in the previous sections, as well as the number
	 	of these kits you would like to be made. Please finalize your selection by clicking the "Submit Order" button.
	 	This will add your order to the queue of kits to be created.
	 
	 The user can utilize this panel to create new kits and orders even when the factory is running. Orders will queue
	 	up and be processed when previous orders have been completed.

Orders Panel
	This panel contains a table which shows the current queue of orders, as well as the complete amount/ordered amount and
		current status of each order entry.

States Panel
	This panel contains a table that displays the states of every agent in the factory.

Disasters Panel
	This panel allows user to trigger various disasters in the factory. The disasters you can choose from include: (1) parts
		robot misses kit, (2) explode parts, (3) camera shoots early, and (4) a surprise! For details on each of the non-normative
		scenarios, please read DesignDocuments.Panels.DisasterPanelDesignDoc.txt.

Trace Panel
	This panel displays the messages and print statuses of various agents in the factory. You can decide which agents
		you want to see messages for my checking the check box for that agent.